Let's just add one or
a few of these and see what happens.
So I'm gonna go back to the router,
go to the product.
We don't have any products, so even if
I get these, nothing's gonna come back.
But let's just do it anyway,
just to make sure it actually triggers it.
So get rid of that in line one, and I'm
just gonna say, getOneProduct like that.
That's it, so I have getOneProduct.
I'm going to start and stop my server.
Gonna go back to Thunder Client, hopefully
I still have my API keys in there.
Let's see, I do.
And then I'm gonna try to get one product
with an ID that I know doesn't exist.
Change this to GET, also I'm gonna
get all products, I believe,
that's the one we just added
the handler two, all products.
Why did I put getOne,
it should we getMany, getProducts,
or there we go, getProducts.
So getProducts and I get one.
Restart my server,
then I can go back here,
try to get all the products,
make sure my API key is in there.
Try to run this, and
you can see nothing failed.
We satisfied the authentication
by making sure there was API key.
We satisfied any input, which for a GET
request, there was none, so that was good.
And then the handler,
indeed ,tried to query the database.
It just got back into your
array because we don't have any
products in the database, right?
And again, we can check that,
we can see what's in the database
if we just type out,
npx prisma studio,
you can see what's in the database.
So right now,
I can see that I have two users.
I have zero products, so that's why
I got back empty array for products,
there are none here.
I can go in here and I can make one.
If I make a product,
I can fill this stuff out and
it'll show me a product, but
I'm not doing it here, that's gross.
Cool, let's add another one.
I always think this Thunder Client is
another app, so I tab away from it.
[LAUGH] But it's in VS code and
it's messing me up.
I need to put it in another window or
something.
Okay, let's do,
Let's go back to the router, okay.
So let's actually create one then, since
I could do the get one and update and
nothing's actually gonna happen,
cuz none exists, but we can do create.
So let's add that.
Let's get rid of this generic one here,
and we'll say create,
Product, there we go, createProduct.
So let's look at this chain right here.
So on a post/product, check to see
that they actually posted a body
object with the name field
on it that's a string, and
then check to make sure that that's true,
and then run the handler, right?
And don't forget that
there's an authentication
middleware running in front of
all of these on server here.
So all that's happening before
it gets to the handler.
And when it finally gets to the handler,
we can just focus on the business logic.
Okay, let's try that.
I'm gonna run that, and
I'm gonna go to Thunder Client here.
I'm just gonna say POST to API product,
I have my bearer.
So if I try to post right now with nothing
in the body, let's just see what happens.
Obviously, we can't,
that fails the validation of the input,
just checking to see if that works.
But now, we can say,
yeah, I do want a name.
And my product's gonna be called,
Note Stuff app.
So I can send that up.
And voila, I get back a product.
I created a product in the database.
I put everything on the data field,
so it looks nice.
And you can see, here's the product
ID that it was created at.
Here's the name of it, and
here's who it belongs to, right?
And if you wanted to visualize that,
again, you can do the npx Prisma Dtudio.
And you can go back here, and you'll
see there's a product and a database.